KOGITO-8410 Added documentation about GET requests to Knative Custom Functions (#451)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/core/custom-functions-support.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> You can also send `GET` requests by setting `method=GET` in `operation`. In this case, the arguments are sent over query string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also send `GET` requests by setting `method=GET` in `operation`. In this case, the arguments are forwarded over a query string.
```
